Spawn a desktop duck buddy to keep you company! Choose from the variety of
real ducks* owned by this site's author!

Ducks:

Higgs Boson

Birthday: 10/27/20

Origin: A club-mate from the sci-fi club was doing a Halloween event, passing out ducks and candy (distanced!)
for any members that wanted them. Here I got my first duck, and being very physics focused at the time I 
decided to name him after the Higgs boson particle. For the rabbit-hole oriented among you, I recommend
the related topic of 'sombrero potential'. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spontaneous_symmetry_breaking#Sombrero_potential

Napstar

Birthday: 3/24/23

Origin: A professor in the department had a surplus of rubber ducks he was giving out to students.
Known for my love of pirates, this duck was grabbed and given to me. The name comes from the
classic music piracy software of the same name. Old school pirates may be wondering to themselves,
why not use the "pirate bay" or something that included piracy in the name? Well, to that I say look at the
purple coloring of their vest! 

Timmy

Birthday: 8/31/23

Origin:
Like Tommy, was a gift from one of my brothers. Named after one of the Nooklings 
in the animal crossing series, this name comes namely from the duck being part of 
a duo, and one that references gaming. While there are more video game duos out
there, the colors don't line up quite as nicely.

Tommy

Birthday: 8/31/23

Origin:
Like Timmy, was a gift from one of my brothers. Named after one of the Nooklings 
in the animal crossing series, this name comes namely from the duck being part of 
a duo, and one that references gaming. While there are more video game duos out
there, the colors don't line up quite as nicely.

Nami

Birthday: 10/18/23

Origin: ACMW - mentorship duck decorating event. I saw the headphones and knew I had 
to incorporate them somehow. Did not really plan anything, but went for a "gaming accessory" 
aesthetic. It was not explicitly inspired by, but ended up lining up quite nicely with
Nami's gear (color aside) in the color spread featuring Nami and Usopp* playing games together 
The keyboard featured on the base-plate uses the QWERTY layout.

*One Piece - Oda

Nimda

Birthday: 10/29/2023

Origin: tOSU's 2023 hackathon gave out many forms of swag. My personal favorite was obviously,
the duck. Due to the numerous hacking related jokes my group-mates and I made. (All horrible tbh)
I wanted to give this duck a name related to something comp-sci related. So, this duck is named
after the nimda virus* - a malicious file infecting worm - very fun!

*which is 'admin' spelled backwards!

Brock

Birthday: Unknown

Origin: To be completely honest, I have no clue where this duck came into my life, or when.
All I know is that it was sometime after Spring 2022 and before May 2025. I wasn't entirely sure what the blue part on his head was, but it vaguely reminded 
me of a long handle frying pan. Naturally, I thought of this classic line: 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oawUi9s3ENE Thus, there was no other name I could chose!
If anyone (really only friends and roommates) has any information on duck events that I might have acquired this fella at,
please let me know.

Guy

Birthday 10/2/24:

Origin: 2024's ACMW duck! With this duck I did not have any ideas for a theme like I did the previous 
year, so this duck was mostly prop oriented. Gave him the glasses and chain because they were cute, and the
chair because he needed a throne to sit on ^u^. Not entirely sure where the name came from, adored nonetheless!

Shaduck the Hedgehog

Birthday: 2/1/25

Origin: More obvious then the others, this duck is named after the hedgehog on which 
he is modeled. Also, his middle and last names are 'The' and 'Hedgehog', because there
aren't really any duck puns that worked with hedgehog.


this program was inspired by the vs-code pets plugin: https://github.com/tonybaloney/vscode-pets
and the game placid plastic duck simulator