After navigating a maze of endless passageways and doors that lead to nowhere, you stumble into a brightly lit dining room. Each window having its own set of kingston curtains give the room a rather top-heavy feel, exacerbated by the crown molding and the sparseness of the furniture within. Save for the dining set in the center of the room, there is only hat-stand by the door you entered from, and a hutch on the far end.

There are several other people in this room, although, being preoccupied with their meal they scarcely acknowledge your entrance. And boy oh boy what a meal! What this room lacks in furniture it more then makes up for in the decadence that is spread over the table before you. Each plate is piled high with spaghetti noodles, roasted vegetables, and meatballs. A steaming pot of sauce and ladle is at the center of the table, allowing each diner to adjust to their taste. And oh my god the garlic bread – you’ve never seen such delicious looking garlic bread before. The crust looks like it’d crackle perfectly (as described by the 2007 smash hit Ratatouille) and the chunks of roasted garlic glisten under the crystal chandelier. 

It’s odd, because you were sure that you picked up on the house of leaves reference to get here and could not recall anything connecting it to the scene before you. Navigating around the table and peering out of the window, nothing seems amiss. In fact, the view outside shows you a charming meadow. Off to the left the east wing ends and you can view the other side of the driveway that you saw to the side of the entrance. Given how strange navigating the interior was, you’d expect the exterior of the house to be equally as confusing. But it isn’t. And that in-an-of itself is a bit off-putting… (What was the term…. ice-box horror?)

Of course, this would all be a lot less unsettling if it weren’t so quiet! No one has said a word since you got here and – wait? Why is it so quiet? You don’t even hear the clinking of forks on plates, no chewing, nothing! Just the dull thud of someone picking up and putting down a utensil. 

Spinning back around you find that the five diners gathered around the table each move to pick up the fork on their right, and then the fork on their left – except there isn’t one there. The round table placements had deceived each person to think they had two forks when in fact they only had one!

“Why do you need two forks to eat?” The words slip from your mouth without thinking. One of the diners, a wavy haired man with a beard, mumbles something at you before setting down his right fork and attempting to grab the one on his left. “Huh?”

“ὁ κανὼν ἐστίν” 

 Sensing your confusion, a longer haired man, adorned in renaissance looking attire, pipes up. “les règles que nous devrions suivre” You jump with a start. 

That man - you can’t believe that you hadn’t recognized him before now – but he looks eerily like René Descartes - the guy Natalie was assigned in their 10th grade AP World symposium class! But why would a 17th century philosopher be here? More and more questions sprang into your mind. What language was the first person speaking? Was that Greek?  The group at the table however- would not design to say anything else of relevance, and resumed looking at their plates and forks. Each person returned to the task at hand with renewed vigor, as though this next time they’d crack it.

Frustrated with the lack of response, you decided to leave them to it, and exited the room of dining philosophers. Who, if any of them, would get to eat first?